<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN" "reference.dtd">
<reference id="default_user_accounts">
    <title>Default user accounts</title>
    <refbody>
        <section>
            <p>IBM StoredIQ comes with a set of default user accounts.</p>
            <p>For security reasons, change the passwords for these default accounts after the installation is complete
                so that they are unique and different from the default values. The new password must be 8 to 64
                characters long and must contain characters from at least three of these categories:
                    <ul>
                        <li>Uppercase letters: A - Z</li>
                        <li>Lowercase letters: a - z</li>
                        <li>Digits: 0 - 9</li>
                        <li>Punctuation marks or special characters: . : = * ˆ / $ # _ + @ &amp; % -</li>
                    </ul>
                
            </p>
        </section>
        <table>
            <tgroup cols="3">
                <thead>
                    <row>
                        <entry colsep="1">Acccount</entry>
                        <entry colsep="1">Default password</entry>
                        <entry>Description</entry>
                    </row>
                </thead>
                <tbody>
                    <row rowsep="1">
                        <entry colsep="1">admin</entry>
                        <entry colsep="1">admin</entry>
                        <entry>Administrative account for accessing
                            IBM StoredIQ Data Server. Use this
                            account for the initial setup of the data
                            server and to create further
                            administrative accounts for routine
                            administration.
                            <p>Change the password in IBM StoredIQ
                            Data Server under <b>Administration >
                            Configuration > Manage users.</b></p></entry>
                    </row>
                    <row rowsep="1">
                        <entry colsep="1">audituser</entry>
                        <entry colsep="1">Passw0rd!</entry>
                        <entry>Account for accessing the audit
                            database on the AppStack.
                            <p>Change the password by running the
                            <b>change_audituser_password</b> script as
                            siqadmin user on the AppStack.</p></entry>
                    </row>
                    <row rowsep="1">
                        <entry colsep="1">builder</entry>
                        <entry colsep="1">None. Password is set during initial
                            configuration.</entry>
                        <entry>Account for setting up and configuring
                            the Elasticsearch cluster.
                            <p>You can change the password by using
                            the Linux <b>passwd</b> command.</p></entry>
                    </row>
                    <row rowsep="1">
                        <entry colsep="1">reportuser</entry>
                        <entry colsep="1">St0red1q</entry>
                        <entry>Account for accessing the report
                            database on the AppStack.
                            <p>Change the password by running the
                            <b>change_reportuser_password</b> script as
                            siqadmin user on the AppStack.</p></entry>
                    </row>
                    <row rowsep="1">
                        <entry colsep="1">siqadmin</entry>
                        <entry colsep="1">Passw0rd!</entry>
                        <entry>Administrative account for managing the
                            AppStack server. For more information,
                            see the administration guide.
                            <p>With new installations, you are
                            prompted for a new password during the
                            initial configuration of the AppStack. In
                            updated deployments, change the
                            password by using the Linux <b>passwd</b>
                            command.</p></entry>
                    </row>
                    <row>
                        <entry colsep="1">superadmin</entry>
                        <entry colsep="1">admin</entry>
                        <entry>Administrative account for accessing
                            IBM StoredIQ Administrator and IBM
                            StoredIQ Data Server. Use this account
                            for the initial setup of IBM StoredIQ and
                            to create further administrative
                            accounts for routine administration so
                            that their actions can be audited.
                            <p>Change the password in IBM StoredIQ
                            Administrator: go to <b>Users</b> and edit the
                            superadmin account.</p>
                            <p>The superadmin account has access to
                            all IBM StoredIQ applications on the
                            application stack. To switch
                            applications, click the triangle arrow
                            icon and select the application that you
                            want to access from the list of the
                            available applications.</p></entry>
                    </row>
                </tbody>
            </tgroup>
        </table>
        
    </refbody>
</reference>
