<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<concept id="cover_page">
    <title>Cover Page</title>
    <shortdesc></shortdesc>
    <prolog>
        <critdates>
            <created date="24/11/2019" audience="novice" expiry="01/07/2020" importance="high"/>
        </critdates>
       
    </prolog>
    <conbody>
       
        <section>
            <title>Conditional Processing and Flagging</title>
        <p>My examples of conditional processing and flagging are as follows:
            <ol>
            
                <li><b>Solution components:</b> In solutions_components.dita, I set the audience of Gateway, Data Servers and Application Stack to either novice or 
                    expert and then I set the properties to display the expert content in red italics. I then added four values for the product attribute
                    and filtered based on excluding an audience of novice and including product of "other products". This had the effect of removing the 
                    Elastic Search Cluster section, but the Gateway section remained visible,as it had an audience of either novice or expert     
                </li>
                <li><b>Planning for Deployment:</b> In planning_for_deployment.dita, I created various revision values on each of the sections. I added a filter
                     to display information with a revision of 2.0 with a background colour of green and bold font, and to display information with a revision 
                     of 1.1 with a font colour of orange.
                </li>
                <li><b>Deploying IBM StoredIQ on Microsoft Hyper-V:</b> In the following file, deploying_ibm_storediq_on_microsoft_hyper_v.dita, I created 
                     platform attributes
                     of Windows and Linux across various sections and then ran a query to exclude data with a platform attribute of Windows and to include
                     data with a platform attribute of Linux. This resulted in removing the first bullet point under Deploying IBM StoredIQ on Microsoft Hyper-V. 
                     Some of the other bullet points also had an attribute value of Windows, but these are displayed because it also has a value of Linux. 
                     The result shows information on how to deploy IBM StoredIQ on a Linux platform. 
                </li>
                <li><b>Applications of IBM StoredIQ:</b> In the applications_of_ibm_storediq.dita file, I created an audience of Expert for the auto-classification 
                     list item. The first dataval query that I ran at 1 above had the effect of changing the style of the text to red italics. 
                </li>
                <li><b>Applications of IBM StoredIQ:</b> I added values of Administrators and Users to the audience attribute. I added both attribute values 
                    to content in the applications_of_ibm_storediq.dita file. I added filters to change some of the style, colours and background colours to 
                    the relevant content of that file. 
                </li>
            </ol>            
        </p>
        </section>
        
        <section>
            <title>Linking</title>
            <p><b>URLs:</b> I created a dita file called urls.dita to store all URL information and then I used conkeyref to link to them.</p>
            <p><b>Images:</b> Similar to URLs, I created a dita file for images, called images.dita and I used conkeyref to link to the images. </p>
            <p><b>Text:</b> I created a dita file, called data_to_use.dita for some text that was being reused and again, I used conkeyref to reuse this text 
                in a table. </p>
            <p>I added all the above as keydef in a second map, so that they could be easily linked to from topics in the main map. </p>
        </section>
        
        <section>
            <title>Other techniques</title>
            <p>I added empty paragraphs in some sections to force the next section to begin on a new page - for example, in contacting_ibm.dita</p>
            <p>For the glossary, I initially tried to use the third option that we had learned, but it didn't work for a pdf transformation. 
                It looked fine in a web transformation, just not in pdf. Option 1 worked for pdf, so I opted to use that one.  </p>
            <p>I had been using the second pdf transformation, based on XSL-FO and it did a great job on displaying the tables correctly. However, for some unknown
                reason on 1st December, that transformation stopped working. It gave some errors in the background build.xml file that I didn't know how to fix. 
                I reverted back to the other pdf transformation - based on HTML5 and CSS, which works fine, but the tables no longer display properly I understand from comments in the
                discussion thread on Canvas that this is a restriction of this particular transformation. Also, the lines underneath headings do not display with the first
                pdf transformation. They were displaying perfectly with the XSL-FO transformation, but do not appear with the other one. 
            </p>
        </section>
        
        
        <section>
        <p>
            <lines><b>© Copyright International Business Machines Corporation 2001, 2019.</b></lines>
            <lines>US Government Users Restricted Rights – Use, duplication or disclosure restricted by GSA ADP Schedule Contract with IBM Corp.</lines></p>
        </section>
    </conbody>
</concept>
