<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN" "task.dtd">
<task id="deploying_ibm_storediq_on_microsoft_hyper_v">
    <title>Deploying IBM StoredIQ on Microsoft Hyper-V</title>
    <shortdesc>As an alternative to installing on an ESX server, the IBM StoredIQ gateway, data server, and application
        stack can be installed on Microsoft Hyper-V. This option is not supported for the Elasticsearch virtual
        appliance.</shortdesc>
    <prolog>
        <author>Jillian Brennan</author>
        <metadata>
            <keywords>
                <keyword>7-zip</keyword>
                <keyword>Hyper-V</keyword>
            </keywords>
        </metadata>
    </prolog>
    <taskbody>
        <prereq>
            <p>Installing IBM StoredIQ on Microsoft Hyper-V requires the use of third-party software. For the procedure
                described here, the following software prerequisites must be met:
                <ul>
                    <li platform="windows">Microsoft Hyper-V Manager must be installed on a Windows system.</li>
                    <li platform="windows linux">7-zip for Windows or tar for the Linux operating system must be available to extract contents of the
                        OVA.</li>
                    <li platform="linux windows">7-zip for Windows or gunzip for the Linux operating system must be installed to decompress the
                        vmdk.gz file.</li>
                    <li platform="linux windows">Microsoft Virtual Machine Converter 3.0 (Windows) or qemu-img (Linux) or must be installed to convert
                        the files from VMWare .vmdk files to Hyper-V .vhdx files.</li>
                </ul>
            </p>
        </prereq>
        <context>
            <p>Microsoft Hyper-V does not support OVAs and OVFs. The virtual machine needs to be built manually.</p>
            <p>Consider the following instructions a sample procedure. The instructions might differ depending on the
                version of the third-party software.</p>
            <p>Complete these steps for the gateway, the data server, and the AppStack:</p>
        </context>
        <steps>
            <step>
                <cmd>Extract the vmdk file from the OVA.</cmd>
                <substeps>
                    <substep>
                        <cmd>Download the OVA.</cmd>
                    </substep>
                    <substep>
                        <cmd platform="windows linux">Extract the contents of the OVA by using 7-zip for Windows or tar for the Linux operating system.</cmd>
                    </substep>
                    <substep>
                        <cmd platform="linux windows">Decompress the vmdk.gz archive by using 7-zip for Windows or gunzip for Linux.</cmd>
                    </substep>
                    <substep>
                        <cmd>Delete everything except the vmdk file when the OVA extraction is complete.</cmd>
                    </substep>
                </substeps>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>Convert the VMWare .vmdk file to a Microsoft Hyper-V .vhdx file.</cmd>
                <info>For instructions about converting .vmdk files to .vhdx files, see the following links:
                    <ul>
                        <li><xref conkeyref="URL/VirtualMachine"></xref></li>
                        <li><xref conkeyref="URL/qemu"></xref></li>
                    </ul>
                </info>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>Build a virtual machine.</cmd>
                <substeps>
                    <substep>
                        <cmd>Select <b>New Virtual Machine > Next</b> from Hyper-V Manager.</cmd>
                    </substep>
                    <substep>
                        <cmd>Enter the name of the virtual machine in the <b>Specify Name and Location</b> window and click <b>Next</b>.</cmd>
                    </substep>
                    <substep>
                        <cmd>Select <b>Generation of the machine</b> in the <b>Specify Generation</b> window.</cmd>
                    </substep>
                    <substep>
                        <cmd>Enter the startup memory in the <b>Assign Memory</b> window.</cmd>
                    </substep>
                    <substep>
                        <cmd>Select the correct network in the <b>Configure Network</b> window and click <b>Next</b>.</cmd>
                    </substep>
                    <substep>
                        <cmd>Select <b>Use an existing virtual hard disk</b> in the <b>Connect Virtual Hard Disk</b> window. Search the disk
                            location, select one of the primary disks, and then click <b>Next</b>.</cmd>
                    </substep>
                    <substep>
                        <cmd>Click <b>Finish.</b></cmd>
                    </substep>
                    <substep>
                        <cmd>Repeat these previous steps for all IBM StoredIQ disks.</cmd>
                    </substep>
                </substeps>
            </step>
            <step importance="optional">
                <cmd>Add disks</cmd>
                <substeps>
                    <substep>
                        <cmd>Select a virtual machine in Microsoft Hyper-V Manager.</cmd>
                    </substep>
                    <substep>
                        <cmd>Select the settings for the virtual machine under <b>Actions</b>.</cmd>
                    </substep>
                    <substep>
                        <cmd>Select the IDE controller and highlight Hard Drive in the <b>Settings</b> window.</cmd>
                    </substep>
                    <substep>
                        <cmd>Select Hard Drive and virtual hard disk and click <b>New</b>.</cmd>
                    </substep>
                   <substep>
                       <cmd>Click <b>Next</b>in the New Virtual Hard Disk wizard.</cmd>
                   </substep>
                   <substep>
                       <cmd>Select <b>VHDX</b> in Choose Disk Format and then click <b>Next</b>.</cmd>
                   </substep>
                   <substep>
                       <cmd>Select <b>Dynamically expanding</b> in Choose Disk Type and then click <b>Next</b>.</cmd>
                   </substep>
                   <substep>
                       <cmd>Enter a name for the disk in the <b>Specify Name and Location</b> window and the click <b>Next</b>.</cmd>
                   </substep>
                    <substep>
                        <cmd>Select <b>Create a new blank virtual hard disk</b> and enter a size in the Configure Disk window and
                            then click <b>Finish</b>.</cmd>
                    </substep>
                    <substep>
                        <cmd>Repeat this procedure for all additional disks.</cmd>
                    </substep>
                </substeps>
            </step>
        </steps>
        <postreq>Complete the installation process by following the instructions in <u>“Configuring IBM StoredIQ” on page
            22</u>.
        </postreq>
    </taskbody>
</task>
